The Associate Cloud Engineer Certification Exam is based on the exam guide.

n the following modules, you'll take diagnostic questions to assess your knowledge of each section of the exam guide. The exam guide is divided into five sections. Each section has several objectives. We'll focus on where you can find resources at the section objective level. 

Throughout this course, you'll be pointed to specific resources and documentation that can help you fill the gaps you identify through the diagnostic questions. Let's go over the types of resources you may want to include in your study plan.

Google provides resources to help you develop your skills and experience with Google Cloud solutions. The learning path for this certification includes in-person or online courses, online practice labs and skill badges, and practice questions.

The courses recommended for the Associate Cloud Engineer certification include - Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure, Architecting with Google Compute Engine and Getting Started with Google Kubernetes Engine.

You'll learn more about how these courses relate to the sections of the exam guide as you complete the modules in this course. 

As we review the diagnostic questions in this course, you'll also get recommendations for skill badges to include in your study plan.
Sample questions are another resource that you can use to prepare. 

The exam questions present you with a scenario, explain the goal or what you are trying to achieve and ask you what you would do in this situation.
Remember these tips for multiple-choice questions.
* Read the question stem carefully.
* Make sure you understand exactly what the question is asking.
* Try to anticipate the correct answer before looking at the options.
* You should be able to come up with the correct answer just from read the question stem.
* You may find that more than one answer may be possible on multiple-choice tests.
* Take questions at face value.
* If certain details are omitted, then they are unlikely to contribute to the selection of the best answer.
* Pay attention to the qualifiers, such as “usually”, “all”, “never”, and “none.”
* And the key words, such as “the best”, “the least”, “except.”

Google also supplies official public documentation for its products and services.

In each of the following modules, you'll learn about specific documentation resources to help you study that section in preparation for the exam. 